#### Oriette Ramos
#### Lesson Plan 10 
#### ISTA-220
#### C#

1.	Declare an enum for military ranks, either officer or enlisted. Name it Ranks. What are the symbols, like Private, PFD, Corporal, or 1stLt, 2ndLt, Capt? 
enum Enlisted
{
  REC, PVT, PV2, PFC, SPC, CPL = SPC, SGT,
  SSG, SFC, MSG, FSG = MSG, SGM, CSM = SGM
}
2.	Using the Ranks enum, assign a rank to yourself or a friend.
Enlisted Oriette = Enlisted.SPC;
3.	Determine the numeric index of particular ranks, using the Ranks enum.
The following code Console.WriteLine((int)Oriette); returns the index integer of 6
4.	How do you select the type of an enum?
enum Enlisted : short { REC, ... CSM = SGM}
5.	Are structs stored on the stack or on the heap? What about enums?
Structs and enums are both value types and are thus stored on the stack.
6.	Declare a struct named DOD with four branches. 
struct DoD
{
  private string army, airforce, navy, coastguard;
}
7.	Why can't you create a default constructor for a struct?
The reason you can’t declare your own default constructor for a structure is that the compiler always generates one.
8.	What is CIL? What does the CLR do to the CIL?
When you compile a C# application, the compiler converts your C# code into a set of instructions using a pseudo-machine code called the Common Intermediate Language (CIL). These are the instructions that are stored in an assembly. When you run a C# application, the CLR takes responsibility for converting the CIL instructions into real machine instructions that the processor on your computer can understand and execute.

